A ... index is an index on multiple columns in a table.
✔️ composite
RAID level ... means block level striping with dedicated parity disk.
✔️4
A database ... is the combination of the system global area (SGA) and background processes.
✔️instance
When tables are ... , a single data block can contain rows from multiple tables.
✔️clustered
A ... index is always dense.
✔️secondary
RAID level ... means block level striping and distributed parity disk.
✔️5
A ... is useful for hiding the identity and location of an underlying schema object.
✔️synonym
An ... is a set of logically contiguous data blocks.
✔️extent
A ... index is an index that has been divided into smaller and more manageable pieces.
✔️partitioned
RAID level ... means mirroring and no striping.
✔️1
In case of a ... index, data records are not sorted by the search key.
✔️secondary
... is the column or columns that the clustered tables have in common.
✔️cluster key
A ... requires no storage other than the storage of its query in the data dictionary.
✔️view
... is a set of files containing records of changes made to data files.
✔️online redo log
... makes it possible to decompose very large tables and indexes into smaller and more manageable pieces.
✔️partitioning
A ... is a physical file on disk that contains data structures such as tables and indexes.
✔️data file
The database data files are logically grouped together in a ...
✔️tablespace(s)
... tablespace is a tablespace that can only contain transient data that persists only for the duration of a session.
✔️temporary
A ... index has an index entry for every search key value.
✔️dense
If you create a ... table, then no table segment is allocated for this table.
✔️partitioned
A ... device "forgets" what is stored in it when the power goes off.
✔️volatile
... is a file that provides a chronological log of database messages and errors.
✔️alert log
... contains information about the name and location of data files, online redo log files etc.
✔️control file
... is a situation in which two or more users are waiting for data locked by each other.
✔️deadlock
A ... is a schema object from which multiple users can generate unique integers.
✔️sequence
A ... file means that we sort the tuples of a relation by their primary key and store them in data blocks in this order.
✔️sequential
... is the time while the first sector of the block moves under the head.
✔️rotational latency
All data dictionary tables and views are stored in the ... tablespace.
✔️SYSTEM
A ... index determines the location of the records of the data file.
✔️primary
In composite partitioning each partition is further divided into ...
✔️subpartition
... is characterized by higher read/write times than secondary storage.
✔️tertiary storage
A ... is a group of tables that share common columns and store related data in the same blocks.
✔️table cluster
... SQL is SQL whose complete text is not known until run time.
✔️Dynamic
A ...  is a data file that belongs to a temporary tablespace.
✔️temp file
A ... index physically reverses the bytes of each index key while keeping the column order.
✔️reverse key
A ... is a piece of a very large table or index.
✔️A partition
A ... is an instruction passed to the optimizer through comments in an SQL statement.
✔️hint
A ... caches currently and recently used data blocks read from disk.
✔️buffer
The Oracle Database user ... owns all base tables and user-accessable views of the data dictionary.same
✔️sys
A ... table is a table in which the data rows are stored in no particular order on disk.
✔️heap-organized
A ... index has index entries for only some of the search values, typically one entry per block.
✔️sparse
A ... is a set of extents allocated for a specific database object, such as atable.
✔️segment
A database ... is a logical storage structure whose size and structure are not known to the operating system.
✔️data block
RAID level ... means block level striping and no redundancy.
✔️0
RAID level ... means block level striping and two distributed parity disks.
✔️6
A ... index is an index that computes the value of a function or expression involving one or more columns and stores it in the index.
✔️function-based
... is the time while the disk controller positions the head assembly at the proper cylinder
✔️seek time
In a ... index, the second and higher levels must be sparse.
✔️multi-level
... table is a table whose data are stored in primary key order.
✔️index-organized table
A database data block consists of one or more ...
✔️disk block



------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All secondary and tertiary storage devices are ... devices.
nonvolatile ???

The basic strategies for partitioning are the following in alphabetical order: ...
hash,list,range, SUBPARTITIONS (RANGE-HASH) ???
